Features implemented

A. Photos
    1.Each time I create a new game play, I want to be able to take a photo to remember the event.
      a.I want to take the selfie after I have entered the score, but before I see what achievement was earned.
      b.Often, I'll take it as a selfie of the players, but some times I'll take it of just the game board to remember some memorable aspect
         to the game.
      c.I want to be able to return to viewing a specific game play and be able to view the photo that I took. OK if this is another button I
        have to press, or if it is shown to me automatically.
      d.I want the photos to be saved between times when I run the app (don't delete my picture!)
      e.It would be nice if the photo were to show up in the Android photo app (but not required). If it does, I don't ever want the app to 
        delete it.
      f.I want to be able to change the photo for a game play when I'm editing it.
      g.It would be nice if the photo were to show up somehow on the achievement celebration screen (where there is some animation). This is
        not required, but it would be a nice way to share our photo and accomplishment with the other players.
    2.I want to be able to take a photo of a game's (physical) box and use that in the app so that I can quickly recognize my games rather
      than having to read names.
      a.I want each game configuration to have a photo (or some generic image if the user does not take a photo).
      b.I want the listing of different game configurations to show each game's photo as an icon in the list, along with the game
        configuration's name.
      c.I want to be able to change the game box's photo when I'm editing a game configuration.
      d.I want the photo to persist between launches of the application.
B. Achievement Celebration Page
        a.When viewing the achievement celebration page, I want to see how close we were to the next higher achievement so that it may motivate
         us in future games. I want to be told how many points we were away from the next level, and be told what the next level's name is.
        b.When viewing the achievement celebration page, I want to be able to change the theme so that if the game players don't like the
         current theme, I can quickly select a more appropriate one to show them.
        c.When viewing the achievement celebration page, I want to be able to replay the animation so that I can show the animation to one
         player, and then trigger it to play again as I show it to the next player.

C.Achievement Statistics
       1.In the app, I want to be able to view a screen which shows who wrote the app to give credit and recognition to the developers.
          a.This screen should show at least the team's name and the first names of each of the developers.
          b.This screen should show a list of resources that the app uses which were provided by other sources so that we give recognition to
            where those images/sounds/etc came from.
D.About Screen
       1.In the app, I want to be able to view a screen which shows who wrote the app to give credit and recognition to the developers.
          a.This screen should show at least the team's name and the first names of each of the developers.
          b.This screen should show a list of resources that the app uses which were provided by other sources so that we give recognition to
            where those images/sounds/etc came from.
E.Score Calculator Enhancement
       1.When using the score calculator to add up player scores while recording a game play, I want the app to:
         a.Work for at least 25 players because some users may want it for a very large game! (HINT: Don't hard-code 25 input boxes!)
         b.efault to somewhere between 1 and 4 players so that it works for the average case
         c.Only show me the UI elements to enter the scores for the currently selected number of players so that it is not an overwhelming UI
         d.While entering or editing a game play's scores, if I enter scores and then decrease the number of players (say from 10 to 5), this
          will cause some of the entered scores to seem to be "lost". I want it such that if I then increase the number of players, I want the
           relevant previous scores that were "lost" (which I had entered when there were more users) to come back as I increase the player
            count.
         e.If I enter scores for some number of players, then decrease the number of players and save, then I go back and edit the game play
          later and increase the number of players, I want each new player's score to default to 0. (i.e., don't remember the "lost" scores
           from decreasing the player count between when the game play is saved and when I later come back to edit it).
         f.As before I want to be able to change the number of players and edit scores of existing game plays.


C. All General requirements are met and done
D. All constraints are met and done
